you
she stopped them and they tell me more
fun when I'm back huh Deb said I'm here
yeah we put it together I
I already know he's good money I someone
call you back and we'll put together man
take the slow photo shoot back Adam here
shizzle what's really good money I left
your fucking wallet man i'm here man
like last year i keep money like a
cashier I think it's not how to do this
shit huh I mean you know I got everybody
asking you know saying a lot of
questions going on you know said
everybody's my finish so it's time
getting is working my loaded Lux shit I
don't listen to the God niggas and all
we're trukfit yet I said how let your
growler when you see me if you see me
back shot it to the squad you gonna turn
over Lunas white holding it down body
you niggas man you know I'm here Dipset
west side shot like the killing I said
because knowing my skrilla is like I'm
living my life I said y'all I got niggas
answer we're young since been at like I
went extinct like a dinosaur to the city
I took a pause behind balls off the ball
back to focus on grinding more it still
Dipset chain fresh out that diamond
store so tell your mother and a rap game
on back spinal cord all the niggas faces
I make niggas feel uncomfortable tell me
it from right before I left niggas
wasn't doing this I couldn't they feel
comfortable it's wrapping storage until
you wack niggas get back to feeling
uncomfortable me y'all no competition
that's like comparing a filet mignon to
a lunchable I swear to goodness endo
hide niggas round not literally fight
dudes heads off and chop niggas down I
gave so many chances for you to further
your career now the chances is over i'm
about to murder your career that mixtape
y'all niggas gave me with trash i threw
it out the window pulled over picked it
back up and threw it back out the window
i still play nintendo notorious be the
game I ain't go start to my garage got a
Ferrari in the range and my ride I glide
like clay when my body I'm blown Jana's
Dipset West shot set out to jaws IV on
e4 this chain he told me likes Enzo bird
gang I heard you fired with the words
and out of Ice Man killer came juelz and
Jimmy well it's my first time making the
all-gold bird I told to miss my style
and I'm a repick to the day and that's
another reason i'm doing this dip set up
in your face it's like Harlem out here
naver I be Roy Jay Crawford ain't the
only niggas ballin out here I know 30
pound kush movies and kilo packers guess
I never needed nothing them hoop niggas
are no
Oh like that deal o rappa but we still
had them I'm gonna connect with that
cheddar crew so cuz I still move like
james brown leather shoes paper total in
the y'all mean going that stepping stool
don't play i stay with that llama like a
petting zoo easy item ball just roll out
of my mouth we still swerved like them
cause that roll out in the south soon as
we knock you don't answer we go all in
your house residential burglaries got
half my hood life sometimes I'd be
feeling like nobody is out it's like
soon as your door kick in that for for
clicking on some new shit you're gonna
see more bodies in the fucking mortician
boy listen pisses week fight suck
23-hour lockdown that had me a school
trip and I'm when it's warm in my hustle
them pay it off I man-eating sense
Carmelo Anthony sassy and Max be cut
they braids off I'm running this young
nigga rap shit I'll be feeling like a
tall fella mess around them game seven
so serious some playoffs I say you
better ask your grandma's landlord I'm
the hottest nigga breathing not when
that machine and start squeezing no
basketball drill but that's how your
team gonna be running like a three-man
weaving revolver pop or whoever think
they hard as I could I'll be y'all in
the streets and all in the cuts like
Uncle tones barbershop fall spot I'm
allergic to the Spencer ease my chronic
best I've been having that always bury
cinnamon toast crunch cuz since the
Sonics left easy man how let you fucking
while Amanda something lightweight you
know some Dipset shit man y'all niggas
know how to do you know I said no cuz we
belong cooks you know saying living this
life you know it's all good man how let
your growling maybe some look similar
lightweight shit man cuz I niggas can't
fuck with me know what if i give you a
thousand bars or 16 like that was just
some cool shit be ready for that day in
the life with sizzle vol.1 dropping and
so soon like just be ready mind doing
too much talking my game on prank i know
it like the nose of a dolphin like y'all
niggas know how to get there I'm sizzle
highlights iguala
you